Update report templates manuals (#1350)
theforeman/theforeman.org: _includes/manuals/nightly/4.11.1_report_templates.md

You can find existing report templates under *Monitor -> Report Templates*. Foreman
comes with few default report templates that are locked. As with other templates,
we do not recommend unlocking and modifying them, as they are automatically updated
on upgrades. If a change of default template is desired, it's recommended to clone
the template and do adjustments in the clone.

#### Generating

To generate a report out of the report template, find the report template and click
the *Generate* button. This will evaluate a template and respond with text file
for download. The rendering itself is done in a background process, but it can run
for a long time.

There's a separate permission for generating the report, so only selected users
can perform resource heavy operations while another users can prepare the report
templates.

> ##### Planing and deliver via e-mail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Scheduling and delivering reports via e-mail
```

> In a generating form you can choose a time, for a generating start time. There is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the report generation form you can choose a starting time for delayed generation. There is
```

Author: This I have rewritten a bit.

> no way to schedule repeated generating, but as the report generating can be started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
no way to schedule repeated generation, but as the report generating can be started
```

> by a *hammer report-template* command, the scheduling can be achieved from cron.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by a *hammer report-template* command, scheduling can be achieved using cron.
```

> For this planned repots, as well as for long running reports it is no longer useful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For these planned reports, as well as for long running reports, it is no longer useful
```

> to have the report downloaded by web browser. In such cases you can choose to get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to have the report downloaded by the web browser. In such cases you can choose to get
```

> the report delivered via e-mail by simply checking a *Send report via e-mail* and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the report delivered via e-mail by simply checking *Send report via e-mail* and
```
